All right, welcome back.
So, in this video, we are going
to give you a little refresher on
the two programming languages, C and C++.
Now, you have seen a little bit
about this in previous courses,
So kind of going to brush over it and
would recommend you doing
a little bit of your own research
on Google switch around for
some more information on C and C++ after
Andy kind of gives you a little breakdown.
>> Yeah, so we're using, we want to talk
about C and C++ because it's very similar
to one of libraries we are using, since we
are using simple CV for this application,
another one is called Open CV, and
Open CV allows you to develop in Android.
So if you want to mimic our Linux
application that'll be written in Python,
you can use the Android's NDK
to build your own
OpenCV application with the correct
wrappers and everything.
So couple of refreshers,
C++ is multi-paradigm.
So that means you can make objects or
you can maybe make procedural calls or
anything like that.
So it's like a Java language.
It's also like a C so remember,
if you're familiar with using Java,
you might be able to get the hang of C++,
because Java's also
an object oriented language.
The transition shouldn't be too
hard if you're used to writing
Java applications for your Android apps.
And a couple more little, little
properties, it's portable, it's fast
it's been around for a long time so people
are very good at it, they're used to it.
Why do you need to change your
own tools when you already have.
>> There a lot of libraries out there.
>> Many libraries out there.
And I want to mention the NDK
if you guys forgotten about
it check out Course 2 Module 7.
We'll explain how you set it up.
We'll give you a little demo application
on how you deploy it to the board and
remember you can go ahead and
pause the video, look at the slides,
like Robert mentioned Google around
to learn more and things like that.
And that's basically just wraps up this
little supplemental lesson about C and
C++.